# v0.26.alpha Release Notes
**Important!**
* This release has been verified on DeepStream 6.2.
* DeepStream 5.X is no longer supported. Please use a minimum of 6.0.1 for best performance.
* There are a number of breaking name changes in this release. Please review the release notes carefully.

## Highlights
### OpenCV, as a dependency, is now optional.
The following "Images Services" - are now optional and are disabled by default.
* [Streaming-Image Source](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_image_stream_new)
* [Frame Capture](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_capture_frame_new) and [Object Capture](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_capture_frame_new) ODE Actions
* [Frame Capture Sink](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_frame_capture_new)

To enable theses services, you must first install OpenCV or FFmpeg and update the Makefile.  Please see the updated [Installing Dependencies](/docs/installing-dependencies.md) for new requirements. See Issue [#908](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/908) for more information.

### Source Components
1. All [Source components](/docs/api-source.md) (currently video only) have been refactored and extended with new base-class services to get/set the following output buffer properties. (See [#903](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/903) for more information).
   * Format - NV12, I420, P010_10LE, BGRx, RGBA .. although, the NVIDIA Streammux only supports NV12, I420, and RGBA as input.
   * Dimensions - output buffer can now be scaled prior to the Streammux input.
   * Cropping - both src and destination cropping are supported.
   * Orientation - flipping and rotating in various directions.
2. Two New Video Source components have been added.
   * [Application Source](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_new) - allows the application to insert raw samples or buffers into a DSL Pipeline.
   * [Interpipe Source](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_interpipe_new) - receives pipeline buffers and events from an Interpipe Sink. 
3. The [Multi-Image Source](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_image_multi_new) has been completed and extended with new services.
3. The [RTSP Source](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_rtsp_new) now supports JPEG encoding.
4. The [RTSP Stream-Connection-Manager](/docs/overview.md#rtsp-stream-connection-management) has been updated to manage the Source's initial stream connection, and to re-initiate a connection-cycle if the initial connection times outs. Previously, the Stream-Connection-Manager was only started after the first successful connection. A failed first attempt would result in the pipeline failing to play.
5. The [Video Dewarper](/docs/api-dewarper.md) component has been completed and can be added to any Video Source.
6. Multiple instances of [CSI](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_csi_new) and [USB](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_usb_new) cameras can now be used.
7. A new [Buffer Timeout Pad Probe Handler](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_buffer_timeout_new) can be added to any Source for notification of new-buffer timeout. 

### Sink Components
1. Four New [Video Sink](/docs/api-sink.md) components have been added.
   * [Application Sink](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_app_new) - allows the application to receive buffers or samples from a DSL Pipeline.
   * [Interpipe Sink](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_interpipe_new) - allows pipeline buffers and events to flow to other independent pipelines, each with an Interpipe Source.
   * [Multi-Image Sink](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_new) - encodes and saves video frames to JPEG files at specified dimensions and frame-rate.
   * [Frame-Capture Sink](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_frame_capture_new) - encodes and saves video frames to JPEG files on application/user demand.
2. [Encode Sinks](/docs/api-sink.md#encode-sink-methods) (File, Smart-Recording, RTSP, and WebRTC) now support services to get/set (scale) the buffer dimensions on input to the encoder. See [#930](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/930)

### Multi-Object Tracker Updates
1. The [Tracker API](/docs/api-tracker.md) has been refactored to be inline with DeepStream 6.X where the individual low-level tracker libs have been combined into one. (DeepStream 5.X is no longer supported). There is now a single DSL [Tracker constructor](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_new) that requires a configuration file for the specific Tracker implementation to use (IOU, NvSORT, NvDeepSORT, NvDCF). Note. NVIDIA's DeepStream low-level library provides *"reference implementations"* of the four Tracker types.  
2. The low-level library for the Tracker to use - which defaults to NVIDIA's NvMultiObjectTracker lib as defined in the Makefile - can be updated by API as well.

### New Non-Maximum Processor (NMP) Pad Probe Handler (PPH)
The [NMP PPH](/docs/api-pph.md#non-maximum-processor-nmp-pad-probe-handler) implements an inference cluster algorithm providing a more flexible alternative to the default non-maximum suppression (NMS) cluster algorithm performed by the NVIDIA Inference plugin.

### Object Detection Event (ODE) Services Updates
1. New filters have been added to the [ODE Triggers](/docs/appi-ode-trigger.md) - accessible through new services: 
   * [Minimum](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_min_set) and [maximum](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_max_set) inference confidence (minimum only in previous release)
   * [Minimum](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_min_set) and [maximum](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_max_set) tracker confidence (both new)
   * [Frame limit](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_limit_frame_set) - maximum number of frames to trigger on - can be reset on-timer and on-demand.
   * [Instance counts](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_instance_count_settings_set) - both the number of consecutive instances to trigger ODE occurrence, and the number of following consecutive instances to suppress ODE occurrence can be controlled (Instance Trigger only).
2. Three new [ODE Actions](/docs/api-ode-action.md) have been added
   * [Offset Label Action](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_label_offset_new) - offsets the objects label vertically and/or horizontally from its default position relative to the Object's bounding-box. This action solves the issue of labels covering the top portion of small objects. 
   * [Scale BBox Action](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_bbox_scale_new) - can be used to increase (or decrease) the area of the Object's bounding box. Useful when capturing objects to JPEG images/files to ensure the object is fully show, i.e. not cropped by the bounding box.
   * [Remove Object](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_object_remove_new) - removes the Object (object's metadata) from the current Frame (frame's metadata).

## Issues closed in this release
### Bugs closed in this release
* Tiler incorrectly checks for source_id > batch_size on call to show-source [#835](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/835)
* Fix PadProbeHandler execution order - must be executed in the order they were added. [#845](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/845)
* "MOTChallenge-format" - should report object_id (tracking id) not class_id [#846](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/846)
* WebRtc Sink Component fails to create in v0.25.alpha [#882](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/882)
* The "ode_occurrence_uri_start_record_sink_action.py" has errors [#922](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/922)
* RTSP smart recording is broken due to changes to the NVIDIA recordbin to support Audio [#925](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/925)
* Object and Frame capture actions are failing on dGPU - Surface create params using wrong memtype. [#942](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/942)

### Enhancements closed in this release
* Implement new conditional/optional Non Maximum Processor Pad Probe Handler [#817](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/817)
* Request to provide a service that can change the text offset at display render [#820](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/820)
* Implement new Inter-Pipe Sink and Source components [#828](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/828)
* Implement new dsl_tiler_frame_numbering_enabled_get/set services [#831](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/831)
* Implement new Scale BBox ODE Actions - dsl_action_bbox_scale_new [#834](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/834)
* Implement new Remove Object ODE Action - dsl_ode_action_object_remove_new [#838](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/838)
* Implement new dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_max_get/set services. [#840](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/840)
* Implement new dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_max_get/set services. [#841](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/841)
* Implement new dsl_ode_trigger_limit_frame_get/set services [#843](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/843)
* Implement new dsl_source_usb_device_location_get/set services to support multiple USB cameras [#850](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/850)
* Implement new dsl_source_csi_sensor_id_get/set services to support multiple CSI cameras. [#853](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/853)
* Refactor CSI Source constructor to generate a unique/incremental sensor_id for each source. [#854](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/854)
* Refactor USB Source constructor to generate a unique/incremental device-location for each source. [#855](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/855)
* Need to complete the Multi-Image source constructor - add caps filter and videorate plugins to control framerate. [#860](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/860)
* Implement new Buffer Timeout Pad Probe Handler (PPH) [#862](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/862)
* Implement dsl_source_pph_add/remove services [#863](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/863)
* Implement new dsl_source_image_multi_loop_enabled_get/set services [#865](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/865)
* Implement new dsl_source_image_multi_indices_get/set services [#866](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/866)
* Implement new dsl_ode_trigger_instance_count_settings_get/set services [#869](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/869)
* Implement new Tracker services dsl_tracker_lib_file_get/set to support custom low level libs. [#877](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/877)
* Implement new App Sink Component [#880](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/880)
* Implement new App Source Component [#881](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/881)
* Implement Source base services dsl_source_do_timestamp_get/set [#885](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/885)
* Extend the RTSP Source to support JPEG encoding [#891](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/891)
* Log all Initial property settings for all Bintrs at level INFO (4) [#897](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/897)
* Refactor all sources - create new Audio and Video base classes - add new video-buffer-out control services [#903](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/903)
* Implement Dewarper Component and integrate with refactored Base Source [#904](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/904)
* Make extended image services optional - support none (default), or implemented with OpenCV or FFmpeg [#908](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/908)
* Implement new Multi-Image Sink to save frames to JPEG files at a specified rate. [#912](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/912)
* Implement new Frame-Capture Sink to encode/save frame buffers to JPEG files on Application demand. [#914](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/914)
* Allow client to use the default encoder bitrate with all Encode Sinks [#923](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/923)
* Extend RTSP stream-manager to manage first connection - retry on timeout [#927](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/927)
* [request] Implement dsl_sink_encode_dimensions_get/set services (for File, Record, RTSP, WebRTC SInks) [#930](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/930)

### Services removed in this release
* Remove logic & services limiting the number of Source and Sink components that can be created. [#892](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/892)
  * `dsl_source_num_in_use_get`
  * `dsl_source_num_in_use_max_get`
  * `dsl_source_num_in_use_max_set`
  * `dsl_sink_num_in_use_get`
  * `dsl_sink_num_in_use_max_get`
  * `dsl_sink_num_in_use_max_set`

### Breaking API name changes - issues closed in this release
* Refactor Tracker API into a single component - remove IOU, KTL, and DCF specific API's [#874](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/874) - the following services have been removed/replaced (see below) 
   * `dsl_tracker_ktl_new`
   * `dsl_tracker_iou_new`
   * `dsl_tracker_dcf_new`
   * `dsl_tracker_dcf_batch_processing_enabled_get`
   * `dsl_tracker_dcf_batch_processing_enabled_set`
   * `dsl_tracker_dcf_past_frame_reporting_enabled_get`
   * `dsl_tracker_dcf_past_frame_reporting_enabled_set`

* Rename/fix the Label and BBox ODE Action names. verb_noun should be noun_verb [#823](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/823) - the following services have been renamed (see below)
   * `dsl_ode_action_format_label_new` 
   * `dsl_ode_action_customize_label_new`
   * `dsl_ode_action_customize_label_get`
   * `dsl_ode_action_customize_label_set`
   * `dsl_ode_action_format_bbox_new`

* Rename dsl_ode_trigger_confidence_min_get/set to dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_min_get/set [#839](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/839) - the following services have been renamed (see below) 
   * `dsl_ode_trigger_confidence_min_get`
   * `dsl_ode_trigger_confidence_min_set`

* Rename dsl_ode_trigger_limit_get/set services to dsl_ode_trigger_limit_event_get/set [#842](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/842) - the following services have been renamed (see below)
   * `dsl_ode_trigger_limit_get`
   * `dsl_ode_trigger_limit_set`

* Remove "annotate" parameter from dsl_ode_action_capture_frame_new - can no longer support. [#909](https://github.com/prominenceai/deepstream-services-library/issues/909) 
   * `dsl_ode_action_capture_frame_new` - has been updated.

## New Constants, Typedefs, and Services
### New symbolic constants in this release
Constants used by the new Non Maximum Processor (NMP) Pad Probe Handler.
Process methods:
```C
#define DSL_NMP_PROCESS_METHOD_SURPRESS                             0
#define DSL_NMP_PROCESS_METHOD_MERGE                                1
```
Object match determination methods:
```C
#define DSL_NMP_MATCH_METHOD_IOU                                    0
#define DSL_NMP_MATCH_METHOD_IOS                                    1
```
Valid return values for the dsl_sink_app_new_buffer_handler_cb
```C
#define DSL_FLOW_OK                                                 0
#define DSL_FLOW_EOS                                                1
#define DSL_FLOW_ERROR                                              2
```

### New Services in the release
New Video-Source common services:
* [dsl_source_video_dimensions_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_dimensions_get)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_format_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_format_get)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_format_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_format_set)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_dimensions_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_dimensions_get)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_dimensions_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_dimensions_set)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_crop_rectangle_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_crop_rectangle_get)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_crop_rectangle_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_crop_rectangle_set)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_orientation_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_orientation_get)
* [dsl_source_video_buffer_out_orientation_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_buffer_out_orientation_set)
* [dsl_source_video_dewarper_add](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_dewarper_add)
* [dsl_source_video_dewarper_remove](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_video_dewarper_remove)

New Buffer Timeout PPH and services to add/remove from a Source:
* [dsl_pph_buffer_timeout_new](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_buffer_timeout_new)
* [dsl_source_pph_add](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_pph_add)
* [dsl_source_pph_remove](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_pph_remove)

New App Source services:
* [dsl_source_app_need_data_handler_cb](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_need_data_handler_cb) (callback typedef)
* [dsl_source_app_enough_data_handler_cb](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_enough_data_handler_cb) (callback typedef)
* [dsl_source_app_new](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_new)
* [dsl_source_app_data_handlers_add](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_data_handlers_add)
* [dsl_source_app_data_handlers_remove](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_data_handlers_remove)
* [dsl_source_app_buffer_push](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_buffer_push)
* [dsl_source_app_sample_push](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_sample_push)
* [dsl_source_app_eos](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_eos)
* [dsl_source_app_stream_format_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_stream_format_get)
* [dsl_source_app_stream_format_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_stream_format_set)
* [dsl_source_app_block_enabled_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_block_enabled_get)
* [dsl_source_app_block_enabled_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_block_enabled_set)
* [dsl_source_app_current_level_bytes_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_current_level_bytes_get)
* [dsl_source_app_max_level_bytes_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_max_level_bytes_get)
* [dsl_source_app_max_level_bytes_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_max_level_bytes_set)
* [dsl_source_app_do_timestamp_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_do_timestamp_get)
* [dsl_source_app_do_timestamp_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_app_do_timestamp_set)

New Interpipe Source services:
* [dsl_source_interpipe_new](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_interpipe_new)
* [dsl_source_interpipe_listen_to_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_interpipe_listen_to_get)
* [dsl_source_interpipe_listen_to_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_interpipe_listen_to_set)
* [dsl_source_interpipe_accept_settings_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_interpipe_accept_settings_get)
* [dsl_source_interpipe_accept_settings_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_interpipe_accept_set)

New Camera Source services:
* [dsl_source_csi_sensor_id_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_csi_sensor_id_get)
* [dsl_source_csi_sensor_id_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_csi_sensor_id_set)
* [dsl_source_usb_device_location_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_usb_device_location_get)
* [dsl_source_usb_device_location_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_usb_device_location_set)

New Multi-Image Source services:
* [dsl_source_image_multi_loop_enabled_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_image_multi_loop_enabled_get)
* [dsl_source_image_multi_loop_enabled_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_image_multi_loop_enabled_set)
* [dsl_source_image_multi_indices_get](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_image_multi_indices_get)
* [dsl_source_image_multi_indices_set](/docs/api-source.md#dsl_source_image_multi_indices_set)

New Video-Source Dewarper services:
* [dsl_dewarper_new](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_new)
* [dsl_dewarper_config_file_get](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_config_file_get)
* [dsl_dewarper_config_file_set](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_config_file_set)
* [dsl_dewarper_camera_id_get](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_camera_id_get)
* [dsl_dewarper_camera_id_set](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_camera_id_set)
* [dsl_dewarper_num_batch_buffers_get](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_num_batch_buffers_get)
* [dsl_dewarper_num_batch_buffers_set](/docs/api-dewarper.md#dsl_dewarper_num_batch_buffers_set)

New App Sink services:
* [dsl_sink_app_new_data_handler_cb](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_app_new_data_handler_cb) (callback typedef)
* [dsl_sink_app_new](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_app_new)
* [dsl_sink_app_data_type_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_app_data_type_get)
* [dsl_sink_app_data_type_set](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_app_data_type_set)

New Interpipe Sink services:
* [dsl_sink_interpipe_new](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_interpipe_new)
* [dsl_sink_interpipe_forward_settings_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_interpipe_forward_settings_get)
* [dsl_sink_interpipe_forward_settings_set](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_interpipe_forward_settings_set)
* [dsl_sink_interpipe_num_listeners_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_interpipe_num_listeners_get)

New Multi-Image Sink services:
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_new](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_new)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_file_path_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_file_path_get)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_file_path_set](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_file_path_set)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_dimensions_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_dimensions_get)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_dimensions_set](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_dimensions_set)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_frame_rate_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_frame_rate_get)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_frame_rate_set](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_frame_rate_set)
* [dsl_sink_image_multi_file_max_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_image_multi_file_max_get)

New Frame-Capture Sink Services:
* [dsl_sink_frame_capture_new](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_frame_capture_new)
* [dsl_sink_frame_capture_initiate](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_frame_capture_initiate)

New Encode Sink (File, Smart-Record, RTSP, and WebRTC) Services:
* [dsl_sink_encode_dimensions_get](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_encode_dimensions_get)
* [dsl_sink_encode_dimensions_set](/docs/api-sink.md#dsl_sink_encode_dimensions_set)

New and renamed Tracker services:
* [dsl_tracker_new](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_new)
* [dsl_tracker_lib_file_get](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_lib_file_get)
* [dsl_tracker_lib_file_set](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_lib_file_set)
* [dsl_tracker_batch_processing_enabled_get](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_batch_processing_enabled_get) (renamed)
* [dsl_tracker_batch_processing_enabled_set](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_batch_processing_enabled_set) (renamed)
* [dsl_tracker_past_frame_reporting_enabled_get](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_past_frame_reporting_enabled_get) (renamed)
* [dsl_tracker_past_frame_reporting_enabled_set](/docs/api-tracker.md#dsl_tracker_past_frame_reporting_enabled_set) (renamed)

New and renamed ODE Trigger services:
* [dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_min_get](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_min_get) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_min_set](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_min_set) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_max_get](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_max_get)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_max_set](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_infer_confidence_max_set)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_max_get](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_max_get)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_max_set](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_tracker_confidence_max_set)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_limit_event_get](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_limit_event_get) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_limit_event_set](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_limit_event_set) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_limit_frame_get](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_limit_frame_get)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_limit_frame_set](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_limit_frame_set)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_instance_count_settings_get](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_instance_count_settings_get)
* [dsl_ode_trigger_instance_count_settings_set](/docs/api-ode-trigger.md#dsl_ode_trigger_instance_count_settings_set)

New and renamed ODE Action services:
* [dsl_ode_action_label_offset_new](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_label_offset_new)
* [dsl_ode_action_label_customize_new](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_label_customize_new) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_action_label_format_new](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_label_format_new) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_action_label_customize_get](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_label_customize_get) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_action_label_customize_set](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_label_customize_set) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_action_bbox_format_new](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_bbox_format_new) (renamed)
* [dsl_ode_action_bbox_scale_new](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_bbox_scale_new)
* [dsl_ode_action_object_remove_new](/docs/api-ode-action.md#dsl_ode_action_object_remove_new)

New Tiler services:
* [dsl_tiler_frame_numbering_enabled_get](/docs/api-tiler.md#dsl_tiler_frame_numbering_enabled_get)
* [dsl_tiler_frame_numbering_enabled_set](/docs/api-tiler.md#dsl_tiler_frame_numbering_enabled_set)

Non-Maximum Processor PPH service:
* [dsl_pph_nmp_new](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_new)
* [dsl_pph_nmp_label_file_get](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_label_file_get)
* [dsl_pph_nmp_label_file_set](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_label_file_set)
* [dsl_pph_nmp_process_method_get](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_process_method_get)
* [dsl_pph_nmp_process_method_set](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_process_method_set)
* [dsl_pph_nmp_match_settings_get](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_match_settings_get)
* [dsl_pph_nmp_match_settings_set](/docs/api-pph.md#dsl_pph_nmp_match_settings_set)

### Examples in this release
#### Python:
* [1uri_file_pgie_iou_tracker_app_sink.py](/examples/python/1uri_file_pgie_iou_tracker_app_sink.py)
* [encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_on_viewer_demand.py](/examples/python/encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_on_viewer_demand.py)
* [encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_thumbnail_periodically.py](/examples/python/encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_thumbnail_periodically.py)
* [interpipe_multiple_pipelines_listening_to_single_sink.py](/examples/python/interpipe_multiple_pipelines_listening_to_single_sink.py)
* [interpipe_single_pipeline_dynamic_switching_between_multiple_sinks.py](/examples/python/interpipe_single_pipeline_dynamic_switching_between_multiple_sinks.py)
* [video_dewarper_360.py](/examples/python/video_dewarper_360.py)
* [video_dewarper_perspective.py](/examples/python/video_dewarper_perspective.py)

#### C++
* [raw_i420_app_src_ptis_tracker_osd_window.cpp](/examples/cpp/raw_i420_app_src_ptis_tracker_osd_window.cpp)
* [encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_on_viewer_demand.cpp](/examples/cpp/encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_on_viewer_demand.cpp)
* [encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_thumbnail_periodically.cpp](/examples/cpp/encode_and_save_frame_to_jpeg_thumbnail_periodically.cpp)
* [interpipe_multiple_pipelines_listening_to_single_sink.cpp](/examples/cpp/interpipe_multiple_pipelines_listening_to_single_sink.cpp)
* [interpipe_single_pipeline_dynamic_switching_between_multiple_sinks.cpp](/examples/cpp/interpipe_single_pipeline_dynamic_switching_between_multiple_sinks.cpp)
